com/binarybricks/coinbit/data/database/dao/WatchedCoinDao_Impl.java
 com.binarybricks.coinbit.data.database.dao.WatchedCoinDao_Impl
 com.binarybricks.coinbit.data.database.dao.WatchedCoinDao_Impl$1
 com.binarybricks.coinbit.data.database.dao.WatchedCoinDao_Impl$10
 com.binarybricks.coinbit.data.database.dao.WatchedCoinDao_Impl$11
 com.binarybricks.coinbit.data.database.dao.WatchedCoinDao_Impl$2
 com.binarybricks.coinbit.data.database.dao.WatchedCoinDao_Impl$3
 com.binarybricks.coinbit.data.database.dao.WatchedCoinDao_Impl$4
 com.binarybricks.coinbit.data.database.dao.WatchedCoinDao_Impl$5
 com.binarybricks.coinbit.data.database.dao.WatchedCoinDao_Impl$6
 com.binarybricks.coinbit.data.database.dao.WatchedCoinDao_Impl$7
 com.binarybricks.coinbit.data.database.dao.WatchedCoinDao_Impl$8
 com.binarybricks.coinbit.data.database.dao.WatchedCoinDao_Impl$9
com/binarybricks/coinbit/epoxymodels/CoinTransactionHistoryItemViewModelBuilder.java
 com.binarybricks.coinbit.epoxymodels.CoinTransactionHistoryItemViewModelBuilder
com/binarybricks/coinbit/data/database/dao/CoinTransactionDao_Impl.java
 com.binarybricks.coinbit.data.database.dao.CoinTransactionDao_Impl
 com.binarybricks.coinbit.data.database.dao.CoinTransactionDao_Impl$1
 com.binarybricks.coinbit.data.database.dao.CoinTransactionDao_Impl$2
 com.binarybricks.coinbit.data.database.dao.CoinTransactionDao_Impl$3
 com.binarybricks.coinbit.data.database.dao.CoinTransactionDao_Impl$4
com/binarybricks/coinbit/epoxymodels/AddCoinItemViewModel_.java
 com.binarybricks.coinbit.epoxymodels.AddCoinItemViewModel_
com/binarybricks/coinbit/epoxymodels/CoinSearchItemViewModel_.java
 com.binarybricks.coinbit.epoxymodels.CoinSearchItemViewModel_
com/binarybricks/coinbit/epoxymodels/DashboardHeaderItemViewModelBuilder.java
 com.binarybricks.coinbit.epoxymodels.DashboardHeaderItemViewModelBuilder
com/binarybricks/coinbit/epoxymodels/ExpandedNewsItemViewModel_.java
 com.binarybricks.coinbit.epoxymodels.ExpandedNewsItemViewModel_
com/binarybricks/coinbit/epoxymodels/CoinInfoItemViewModel_.java
 com.binarybricks.coinbit.epoxymodels.CoinInfoItemViewModel_
com/binarybricks/coinbit/epoxymodels/CoinStatsticsItemViewModel_.java
 com.binarybricks.coinbit.epoxymodels.CoinStatsticsItemViewModel_
com/binarybricks/coinbit/epoxymodels/CoinTickerItemViewModelBuilder.java
 com.binarybricks.coinbit.epoxymodels.CoinTickerItemViewModelBuilder
com/binarybricks/coinbit/epoxymodels/LabelItemViewModelBuilder.java
 com.binarybricks.coinbit.epoxymodels.LabelItemViewModelBuilder
com/binarybricks/coinbit/epoxymodels/CoinStatsticsItemViewModelBuilder.java
 com.binarybricks.coinbit.epoxymodels.CoinStatsticsItemViewModelBuilder
com/binarybricks/coinbit/epoxymodels/ExchangePairItemViewModelBuilder.java
 com.binarybricks.coinbit.epoxymodels.ExchangePairItemViewModelBuilder
com/binarybricks/coinbit/epoxymodels/ChipGroupItemViewModel_.java
 com.binarybricks.coinbit.epoxymodels.ChipGroupItemViewModel_
com/binarybricks/coinbit/epoxymodels/NewsItemViewModelBuilder.java
 com.binarybricks.coinbit.epoxymodels.NewsItemViewModelBuilder
com/binarybricks/coinbit/epoxymodels/NewsItemViewModel_.java
 com.binarybricks.coinbit.epoxymodels.NewsItemViewModel_
com/binarybricks/coinbit/BuildConfig.java
 com.binarybricks.coinbit.BuildConfig
com/binarybricks/coinbit/epoxymodels/CoinTickerItemViewModel_.java
 com.binarybricks.coinbit.epoxymodels.CoinTickerItemViewModel_
com/binarybricks/coinbit/epoxymodels/ShortNewsItemViewModel_.java
 com.binarybricks.coinbit.epoxymodels.ShortNewsItemViewModel_
com/binarybricks/coinbit/epoxymodels/AddCoinTransactionItemViewModel_.java
 com.binarybricks.coinbit.epoxymodels.AddCoinTransactionItemViewModel_
com/binarybricks/coinbit/epoxymodels/CoinInfoItemViewModelBuilder.java
 com.binarybricks.coinbit.epoxymodels.CoinInfoItemViewModelBuilder
com/binarybricks/coinbit/epoxymodels/ShortNewsItemViewModelBuilder.java
 com.binarybricks.coinbit.epoxymodels.ShortNewsItemViewModelBuilder
com/binarybricks/coinbit/epoxymodels/CoinItemViewModel_.java
 com.binarybricks.coinbit.epoxymodels.CoinItemViewModel_
com/binarybricks/coinbit/epoxymodels/EmptyCoinItemViewModelBuilder.java
 com.binarybricks.coinbit.epoxymodels.EmptyCoinItemViewModelBuilder
com/binarybricks/coinbit/epoxymodels/CoinHistoricalChartItemViewModel_.java
 com.binarybricks.coinbit.epoxymodels.CoinHistoricalChartItemViewModel_
com/binarybricks/coinbit/epoxymodels/TopCardItemViewModel_.java
 com.binarybricks.coinbit.epoxymodels.TopCardItemViewModel_
com/binarybricks/coinbit/epoxymodels/EmptyCoinItemViewModel_.java
 com.binarybricks.coinbit.epoxymodels.EmptyCoinItemViewModel_
com/binarybricks/coinbit/epoxymodels/GenericFooterItemViewModel_.java
 com.binarybricks.coinbit.epoxymodels.GenericFooterItemViewModel_
com/binarybricks/coinbit/epoxymodels/CoinSearchItemViewModelBuilder.java
 com.binarybricks.coinbit.epoxymodels.CoinSearchItemViewModelBuilder
com/binarybricks/coinbit/epoxymodels/CoinTickerViewModel_.java
 com.binarybricks.coinbit.epoxymodels.CoinTickerViewModel_
com/binarybricks/coinbit/epoxymodels/CoinTransactionHistoryItemViewModel_.java
 com.binarybricks.coinbit.epoxymodels.CoinTransactionHistoryItemViewModel_
com/binarybricks/coinbit/epoxymodels/CoinHistoricalChartItemViewModelBuilder.java
 com.binarybricks.coinbit.epoxymodels.CoinHistoricalChartItemViewModelBuilder
com/binarybricks/coinbit/epoxymodels/AddCoinTransactionItemViewModelBuilder.java
 com.binarybricks.coinbit.epoxymodels.AddCoinTransactionItemViewModelBuilder
com/binarybricks/coinbit/epoxymodels/TopCardItemViewModelBuilder.java
 com.binarybricks.coinbit.epoxymodels.TopCardItemViewModelBuilder
com/binarybricks/coinbit/epoxymodels/GenericFooterItemViewModelBuilder.java
 com.binarybricks.coinbit.epoxymodels.GenericFooterItemViewModelBuilder
com/binarybricks/coinbit/epoxymodels/CoinItemViewModelBuilder.java
 com.binarybricks.coinbit.epoxymodels.CoinItemViewModelBuilder
com/binarybricks/coinbit/epoxymodels/ChipGroupItemViewModelBuilder.java
 com.binarybricks.coinbit.epoxymodels.ChipGroupItemViewModelBuilder
com/binarybricks/coinbit/epoxymodels/ExpandedNewsItemViewModelBuilder.java
 com.binarybricks.coinbit.epoxymodels.ExpandedNewsItemViewModelBuilder
com/binarybricks/coinbit/epoxymodels/AddCoinItemViewModelBuilder.java
 com.binarybricks.coinbit.epoxymodels.AddCoinItemViewModelBuilder
com/binarybricks/coinbit/epoxymodels/DashboardHeaderItemViewModel_.java
 com.binarybricks.coinbit.epoxymodels.DashboardHeaderItemViewModel_
com/binarybricks/coinbit/epoxymodels/CoinTickerViewModelBuilder.java
 com.binarybricks.coinbit.epoxymodels.CoinTickerViewModelBuilder
com/binarybricks/coinbit/epoxymodels/LabelItemViewModel_.java
 com.binarybricks.coinbit.epoxymodels.LabelItemViewModel_
com/binarybricks/coinbit/data/database/dao/ExchangeDao_Impl.java
 com.binarybricks.coinbit.data.database.dao.ExchangeDao_Impl
 com.binarybricks.coinbit.data.database.dao.ExchangeDao_Impl$1
 com.binarybricks.coinbit.data.database.dao.ExchangeDao_Impl$2
 com.binarybricks.coinbit.data.database.dao.ExchangeDao_Impl$3
com/binarybricks/coinbit/epoxymodels/ExchangePairItemViewModel_.java
 com.binarybricks.coinbit.epoxymodels.ExchangePairItemViewModel_
com/binarybricks/coinbit/epoxymodels/CoinPositionItemViewModelBuilder.java
 com.binarybricks.coinbit.epoxymodels.CoinPositionItemViewModelBuilder
com/binarybricks/coinbit/epoxymodels/CoinPositionItemViewModel_.java
 com.binarybricks.coinbit.epoxymodels.CoinPositionItemViewModel_
com/binarybricks/coinbit/epoxymodels/CoinNewsItemViewModel_.java
 com.binarybricks.coinbit.epoxymodels.CoinNewsItemViewModel_
com/binarybricks/coinbit/epoxymodels/CoinAboutItemViewModelBuilder.java
 com.binarybricks.coinbit.epoxymodels.CoinAboutItemViewModelBuilder
com/binarybricks/coinbit/epoxymodels/CoinNewsItemViewModelBuilder.java
 com.binarybricks.coinbit.epoxymodels.CoinNewsItemViewModelBuilder
com/binarybricks/coinbit/epoxymodels/CoinAboutItemViewModel_.java
 com.binarybricks.coinbit.epoxymodels.CoinAboutItemViewModel_
com/binarybricks/coinbit/data/database/CoinBitDatabase_Impl.java
 com.binarybricks.coinbit.data.database.CoinBitDatabase_Impl
 com.binarybricks.coinbit.data.database.CoinBitDatabase_Impl$1
